You are coming back
After graduation, I want to go back to China to see you for four years
You're finally coming back.
Miss me!
I miss you, too.
Call me first when you get off the plane
I'm going to be angry if I'm sneaking around again this time
I'm going to get ready first
It's been four years since I surprised you
I have not contacted Gu Sijun for 4 years
I don't know if he is married to Su Chang
Why are you standing here alone in a daze?
Where are you going after graduation?
I'm going back home.
Return to China to open your own wedding design studio?
I remember that your wedding dress is very beautiful.
That wedding dress
I could have bought it for 3 times the price
I don't know who is so stupid
Why don't you speak?
I came back just to see my friends
No other arrangements were made
How time flies!
I was still married when I went abroad
They're having babies now.
Speaking of which
You haven't had a boyfriend in four years of college